Exception handler - Okta, AWS IAM (#29063)
demisto/content: Packs/AWS-IAM/ReleaseNotes/1_1_37.md

#### Integrations

##### AWS - Identity and Access Management

> - Fixed an issue where the **aws-iam-get-user** command raised an exception when a user was not found.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the ***aws-iam-get-user*** command returned an error when a user was not found.
```
